-(train screeches)
-(train rattling)
(steam hissing)
(train horn tooting)
You were my light
in the darkness.
Why won't you just tell
me how you're feeling?
I just can't put my
feelings into words.
I understand.
Thank you for everything.
(dramatic romantic music)
(woman sobbing)
-(Boruto grunting)
-(eyebrows squeaking)
(Cho-Cho crying)
(loud clanging)
-(comical tense music)
-(people chattering)
So, what did he
wanna say anyway?
[Both] What?
I mean it's not like they
actually loved each other
or anything like that, right?
Man, that movie was so boring.
[Both] What?
[Sarada] What're
you talking about?
Of course they loved each other!
They were both in love,
but they just couldn't
stay together!
It was a totally
tragic story, ya jerk!
What? But how?
They didn't say
anything to each other
about being in love at all!
I just don't get it!
How can they be
boyfriend and girlfriend?
Hey, listen up!
Romantic relationships
-are complicated.
-(lighthearted music)
Fine. We'll just have
to watch it again.
And this time, I'll sit next
to you and explain everything.
(groans) Actually,
I just remembered
I have something
to do (chuckles)!
-See ya!
-(slide whistle whistling)
(grunts) He just ran away?
(Opening Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
-(people chattering)
-(birds chirping)
What? A romantic movie?
Well, uh, actually, I thought
it was gonna be an
action movie, but...
Listen, if you have time
to watch a movie like that,
you have time to go train.
Yeah, but I...
Ugh, look just forget it.
You ever watch movies like
that, Konohamaru sensei?
Hm!
The only girlfriend I
have is my Ninja Way!
My goal is to become the Hokage!
I can't let things like
romantic relationships
get in the way of my focus.
What are you talking about?
(Yoimura panting)
[Both] Huh?
(tense music)
(men vocalizing)
(Yoimura panting)
(dramatic chase music)
(Boruto grunts)
(Yoimura panting)
(Yoimura screaming)
(Boruto and Konohamaru grunting)
(Yoimura shouts)
(wind whistling)
(Yoimura panting)
(birds chirping)
(air whooshing)
(upbeat music)
(Yoimura gasping)
(wind whistling)
(gentle music)
[Konohamaru] Hey,
it's all okay now.
Um, are you all right?
Amazing! Delightful!
I flew through the air!
Huh?
I have never seen a village
from so high up above before!
I'm sorry!
I guess I got carried away and
ended up jumping pretty high.
(sighs) I never
thought I'd experience
something like that!
(Konohamaru laughs)
Uh, mm.
(Boruto grunts)
Huh?
Please forgive my rudeness.
First of all my
name's Remon Yoimura.
I was so overjoyed that I forgot
to thank you for saving me!
So, thank you, and I'm sorry.
I'm just happy you're all right!
And I'm also honored that
you enjoyed it so much!
Mm.
Uh.
[Boruto] Hey.
Uh?
Why were those guys
after you, Miss Remon?
Oh, that was... mm mm.
I came to this village
to do some sightseeing.
Along the way, I
ended up getting lost
and I ran into those men.
I guess that I upset
them for some reason.
I see. I'm very
sorry to hear that.
Yes! But now I must do something
to thank you for saving me!
No, no!
You don't need to
worry about that a bit.
It's really all right.
(whimpers) But, I...
Please forget about
all that stuff.
Just keep sightseeing.
Mm.
If that's the case,
there's something that
I've been wanting to eat.
[Konohamaru And Yoimura] Uh?
(people chattering)
-Uh, thank you
-(gentle music)
for treating us both to lunch!
Of course!
Besides, it would've
bothered me to no end
if I didn't do anything to
repay you for your help.
Hey, it's kinda funny to think
he just wanted a hamburger.
I guess deep down
he's still just a kid.
Mm? Hey huh.
[Both] Hm?
Thanks for waiting!
(funky music)
Hey, what is this?
The latest thing on the menu!
The super-sour lemon burger!
Oh! Looks delicious!
(lively rock music)
I simply adore eating
things that are sour!
(Konohamaru groans)
But actually, I've
never eaten anything
quite like this before.
[Boruto And Konohamaru] Huh?
Uh, do I sound
strange or something?
Oh, no. Not even a bit.
Just watch.
This is how you
eat it, Miss Remon.
(grunting and gobbling)
Super sour!
Ah, I see. (giggles)
Oh, mm mm mm.
Hm!
-Super sour!
-(magical music)
-But it's so delicious!
-(lively rock music continues)
(boys grunting)
The tartness is
just indescribable!
I've come all the way
from the Daidai Village
and there's nothing that's
this delicious there!
I think I...
I want to stay and live
in the Leaf Village!
(boys laughing)
Well, okay, that's great!
Aren't you kinda overreacting?
Mr. Konohamaru, you
have to try this!
Uh, uh.
Mm.
Okay, here goes.
(funky music)
(Konohamaru stammering)
Uh uh um.
(reverberating music)
-Super sour (coughing)!
-(gong clanging)
Are you all right?
Actually, I don't like
sour things very much.
(coughing) I'm sorry! (coughing)
Uh?
Here, please, you can use this.
Oh, thank (coughing)
you (coughing).
-I'll wash this and return it!
-(lighthearted music)
Big Brother, so uncool.
(light upbeat music)
I'm really sorry about that.
I didn't know you disliked
sour things so much.
Oh! No, I thought that
maybe I could learn
to like sour things
by eating it,
but it just ended up
being too much for me.
(Yoimura giggling)
-So, where to next?
-(upbeat music)
Huh?
You're gonna keep on
sightseeing, right, Miss Remon?
Well, come on!
We'll show you
around the village!
Oh, but I don't wanna impose!
You wouldn't be imposing at all.
And this way, we'd both be
able to guard you, as well!
(Yoimura sighs)
All right, then!
I'd appreciate that very much.
Hey, this'll be easy for us.
Mm, hey again?
(light upbeat music)
Wow, amazing!
I've heard so much about them,
the Hokage's Great Stone Faces!
You see the third face
from the left up there?
That's Big Brother's grandpa!
Oh?
Yes.
But of course, I'm
nowhere near Gramps',
uh, I mean, my
grandfather's level.
Kind of embarrassing to admit.
But your goal's to become
Hokage, right, Big Brother?
Your girlfriend
is your Ninja Way?
(grunts) Hey, come on!
You talk too much,
you know that, Boruto?
Mm, mm. I think it's wonderful.
[Boys] Mm?
To decide on a goal and
to pursue it vigorously.
I think being able to do that,
well, it's nothing
short of amazing.
(Konohamaru groans)
Anyway, come on.
There's still so
much more to see.
Hm? Right.
(lively upbeat music)
(people chattering)
Oh, how cute!
Would you like me
to get you one?
(gasps) Oh, no, I couldn't.
As a thank you for
the hamburgers.
Uh, hm.
All right.
Which one do you think
would look best on me?
Uh, I think that they'd
both look great on you.
Uh. (grunts)
-Just choose one.
-Uh!
Uh, uh...
Okay, lemme see.
Mm, I'd say, um,
I'll pick this one.
Miss Remon, the hair clip
you already had looked fancy.
You really didn't have
to accept something
as cheap-looking
as that new one.
No. I actually like it.
(Konohamaru groans)
(Yoimura giggles)
Hm.
-(birds chirping)
-(light emotional music)
How pretty.
Yes, well, the village
may look impressive now,
but a while ago, it
came under attack
and was completely destroyed.
Yes.
I heard all about that.
Back then, it was an age of war.
Even earlier, when
I was still a child,
my grandfather sacrificed
himself to protect our village.
(Yoimura gasps)
I'm Konohamaru.
My grandfather named me that
after the Hidden Leaf Village.
When I think about
that, I feel energized
and motivated to protect this
village and all its people.
It sounds like your
grandfather was a great man.
Yes!
He was exceptional,
and he was respected
by everyone in the village.
That's the reason why
I wanna become a Hokage
just like him!
That being said, I still
have quite a long way to go.
Unless I train like
my life depends on it,
I'll never surpass
my grandfather.
But, hey, I suppose
there are no shortcuts
to becoming the Hokage, right?
(Yoimura gasps)
Mm? What's the matter?
Um, I noticed earlier
that you, well,
you keep saying
that same word, hey.
(gulps) Oh, I'm sorry!
It's a habit that
pops up here and there
but, hey...
-(stammers)
-(comical music)
-I mean, uh-
-Aw, come on!
When the conversation was
going so smoothly too!
So uncool, Big Bro.
Mm mm. What did you say?
I don't think he is.
[Boys] Huh?
How do you feel
about me, Konohamaru?
(Yoimura gasps)
Uh...
-(light upbeat music)
-Uh.
[Yoimura And Konohamaru] Mm.
Mm? Anyway, where to next?
To be honest, we've
already shown you
most of the major
sights in the village.
Oh! Then how about...
(foot thuds)
(Yoimura shouts)
-(lighthearted music)
-(Konohamaru grunts)
(Yoimura gasps)
(both sighing)
(both panting)
Hurry up, you guys! Huh?
What are you doing, ya know?
(Konohamaru grunting)
(Yoimura whimpering)
Hm?
-(light upbeat music)
-(people chattering)
Oh, wow, look at how late it is!
Huh? You going home already?
Can't you stay any longer?
Yes, okay.
Maybe for just a
little while longer.
Could you accompany
me to... (gasps)
(gong clangs)
(all grunt)
(people chattering)
(Konohamaru groans)
It's all right.
I must take my leave now.
But, please, rest assured.
[Boruto] Miss Remon?
These men have come
from my household.
I left there without telling
anyone where I'd gone,
so they've come here
to take me home.
Your household?
(sighs) All that I
really wanted to do
was enjoy this
day all by myself.
And that's the reason
I lied to you earlier
about why I was being
pursued by these men.
Please, I hope you
can forgive me.
So that's what this is about.
[Yoimura] (gasps) I truly
had so much fun today.
I really don't know how I could
ever repay the two of you.
Please don't worry about it.
We're just glad you were able
to have some fun, Miss Remon.
Mr. Konohamaru.
Yeah, he's right!
Don't worry about it.
And if you ever wanna do
it again, just let us know.
It'll be like a mission.
We'll escort you
anywhere you want.
Oh, Boruto. Thank you.
(Yoimura sighs)
You know, hearing
about your grandfather
made a big impression on me.
Sacrificing himself
to protect everyone.
It's something that will
motivate and energize me.
Mm?
(gentle guitar and flute music)
Hey, I'll never forget
your kindness! (giggles)
(boys chuckle)
(Yoimura giggles)
-(Konohamaru laughing)
-Miss Remon was
kinda strange, but she
was nice, too, wasn't she?
(sighs) All right, well,
I'm gonna head home and train.
His girlfriend's his Ninja Way.
I guess he really meant it!
Lately, Konohamaru
Sensei's been acting weird.
Oh, really?
You're still such a
kid, you know that?
What's that supposed to mean?
Right now, my gut's telling me
-(bells tinkling)
-that he's...
(people chattering)
in love!
What?
No doubt about it.
No way that's true!
I've been with him
this whole time,
and I didn't notice
anything like that.
(Cho-Cho growls)
-(Boruto groans and grunts)
-(Sarada groans)
When the potato
chip met consommé,
a gastronomic reaction occurred.
And thus was born a
miraculous collaboration.
Just like when a
man met a woman.
Mm mm.
Mm mm?
It's begun.
-The chemical reaction
-(gong clanging)
of love's already started!
-(electricity cracking)
-(Boruto gasping)
Come on, no way.
Big Brother didn't mention
a word about anything
like that whatsoever.
Look, Boruto, you
didn't even understand
that romance movie.
You wouldn't notice even
if something did happen.
(gasps)
(eerie music)
You mean that was...
Hm?
(Boruto grunts)
Hey, wait, Boruto!
-(Sarada stammers)
-(lively rock music)
(sighs) He's
totally still a kid.
(air whooshing)
Uh, Boruto, shouldn't
we just go home?
Nope, it's too late for that!
You gotta return
the handkerchief
you borrowed, right?
Well, I guess so.
But, all the same-
Can't go empty-handed
so I brought a gift.
What's up?
Staying quiet isn't
gonna get you anywhere.
Which means I'll just go ahead
and say what needs to be said.
You sit back, relax,
and leave it to me.
Uh?
Miss Remon is from
a rich family, huh?
Yeah, I sorta got
that impression.
Anyway, let's just go in!
-Hello.
-(birds chirping)
[Both] Uh?
(Yoimura gasps)
Miss Remon?
Uh...
(Yoimura gasps and sighs)
(Yoimura sighs)
Uh, Miss Remon?
I don't ever want to
see either of you again.
Now please, take your leave.
-(boys grunting)
-(tense music)
(suspenseful music)
(wind whistling)
(Closing Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(suspenseful music)
[Boruto] Miss Remon seemed
like a whole different
person, didn't she?
[Konohamaru] You're right.
There must be a reason why.
[Boruto] I knew it!
There's something
weird going on!
We can't just leave.
Let's try talking to her again.
[Konohamaru] Yeah, but
this isn't a mission,
so getting involved
is forbidden.
[Boruto] Next time
on "Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: Remon's Secret".
All right, let's go
and see Miss Remon!
(Closing Theme Music)